The group discussed, how do we measure quality today?
It's like Star Trek. You're going where no man has gone before."
Here's one young man who's taken this advice.
And it's the complete opposite to everyone else.
Something of importance had transpired in the exchange.
And Arab masses just revolted against their dictators.
And so we approached this patient and asked if he would collaborate with us.
We need a few simple ingredients.
Could you just give me some time to do that?"
It's causing abrasions on the inside of the mouth, but the tentacles can't get you.
I'm going to talk about feasibility as well, of course.
There are a few oysters in Chesapeake Bay.
But we have to integrate that into our own future.
I don't need you to think so much as I want you to feel it.
And finally goes to E, and it's home.
Another project was built up to watch China and Chinese Internet.
There is now a kind of sleep deprivation one-upmanship.
That's why you're here and why you value the information we exchange.
It is. It's just stuck in this position, so I have to wear a two-inch heel.
PM: Thank you. BV: Thank you. Thanks very much.
Oh, half a million women in Rwanda get raped in 100 days.
By the way, feel free to check in on my head at any time.
Actually, as soon as someone turns it on, I go into the other room and read.
We can zip through them as a possibility.
They can say, "Yesterday it rain,"" Now it rain,"" Tomorrow it rain."
I call them Freudian cities.
Whether or not we understand it is a different story.
And then it wires itself to the current collector.
And I was happy to tell her all about it.
Here in Brazil, they collect 90 percent of all the waste that's actually recycled.
So he's saying, what do genes want? The selfish gene.
How do we distribute ourselves around the world?
We are OK Go. Have you read the "Natural Curiosity Cabinet?"
But we now know enough about the future of the universe to say a lot more.
Why can't they build a school for boys, and I'll build a school for girls?"
It's basically why you need the qubit, because it only has two ideas.
My high school is Chicago, diverse and segregated on purpose.
What I'm going to do is open up a website that I wrote.
Trees or cacti are good for this.
I wrote on cards: "television,"" radio,"" MySpace,"" Internet,"" PC."
It's light, and light has been around for many millions of years.
Some very unusual weather conditions, very difficult ice conditions.
It turns out he's a member of the Russian Adult Webmasters Federation.
And the man knows that he doesn't have to do any digging to get roots.
The guy says, "I want a second opinion."
The teacher writes you a thank you note. The kids write you a thank you note.
So, loosely defined, that is what's possible with the human voice.
And chicken soon joined them on the throne.
Now what happens when you compare these two conditions?
But most probably I did something like that.
We're starting to sell electric cars, which is great.
So, how do you render authenticity, is the question.
This is a very important point for me to get across.
This is working with Marshall McLuhan.
So it's not just in the cardiovascular system it arises.
Now the business model involves all of you.
So they inhaled it, but they are not aware of it.
And when the experts in the U.N.
And the Chinese government responded sensibly and placed a ban on felling.
Was that okay for my first time?
Most of the economic models are built around scarcity and growth.
This is the kind of music that Leonardo DaVinci would have known.
And I then said to her, "I think I know what you have."
My dad said it was called the Pantheon, a temple for all of the gods.
I said, "Something's wrong here."
So descend into Huautla Plateau in Mexico.
They give us our identity and a sense of community.
Less than one percent were in the room when it passed the House.
When I make an incision inside a patient's body, it's dark.
Our life is tied to the well-being of our planet.
It was about that human-ocean connection.
What can creatures like us know of such things?
And I took these two men and did what I call an indirect negotiation.
It turns out the pursuit of pleasure has almost no contribution to life satisfaction.
That's my only real aim in life.
It helped Martin Luther King win a historic racial struggle.
They didn't say, "Where is my authorship?"
And everyone started to think that "this guy could be my brother."
I sat there wondering what on Earth I had gotten myself into.
And therefore Time took notice of this 28-dollar foot, basically.
We must be hand-in-hand and do something together.
Did it mean that Venus had an ionosphere?
I was having so much fun with this process.
This is what they were telling. This is their propaganda.
You can see that Africa has been fragmented.
We look at the savings rate and it has been declining since the 1950s.
Google CEO Eric Schmidt is a practical practitioner of this philosophy.
You all know the truth of what I'm going to say.
CC: A-rhythm-etic. Audience: A-rhythm-etic.
We learn about its orbit, the period of its orbit and so on.
Malaria is one of the great public health problems.
So, before I got here, I thought, "You know, I am from North America.
Now, it's not just ancestors we share, descendants.
Not everybody wants it but they don't care.
There's a huge disconnect at the moment still between the virtual and the physical.
He says, "Of course they do. They go in the order in which they were built.
When I type anything, this voice will speak whatever I type.
There are a trillion hours a year of participatory value up for grabs.
They like to play around. They're in second grade.
You didn't trust information very much.
And then movies, via CD-ROM. It was amazing.
A billion people depend on fish for their main source for animal protein.
It goes as far back into the past as 1800, ' cause you never know.
And I thought maybe I should meet a critic of psychiatry to get their view.
He said, "That's what I'm talking about. That's what you need."
The Earth can support that if we choose the right path.
Which is appropriate, because actually, this approach is not innovative.
So no one actually needs to muck up the production of sound with wire vibrations.
And, up there, you see Uganda.
We, at this time of year, get lots of traffic jams.
That is the absolute wrong thing to ask, to tell kids to never be wrong.
Because, let's face it, some patterns are real.
I mean, how long did it take them to build that?
We're going to kind of go in a different direction right now.
These are the basic features of my device, or our device.
But scientists have for a long time thought this just was never going to be possible.
I have one gram, five gram, 10 gram. How many gram do you want?"
And it's written, as we'll see in due course, by very skilled P.R. consultants.
It is our light, and not our darkness, that frightens us."
Okay, I think 99.9 would about cover it.
By this point, I was definitely not going to be an employee.
The media became fixated.
You get this weird tunnel vision.
Now there's compelling evidence that it really needs to be 350.
They are surrounded by immunized people.
We give them lots of instruction, and we never ever deceive them.
And please raise your hand if you'd say you are right of center or conservative.
So we're oriented like that. You're looking at my head this way.
If you can see this, sweet peppers.
Radio could carry sound without wires.
It's not really all that much data.
We're like every big city in the world.
You might want to leave now.
Successful innovation is not a single breakthrough.
No, no, if I want to, I can say, "I'm a novelist."
Will it be born into a world of abundance or scarcity?
That was Bob's last record, yeah.
And I think it really summarizes where we are here.
So I thought, "I will talk about death."
You just need to find one more fact that you didn't know.
They've made me a proud I-don't-know-it-all.
Your baby is going to be HIV-negative."
Goldie Hawn says, "I always had self-doubts.
I write musicals; I make short films alongside my poems.
What looks like a forest is actually only one tree.
These clouds form in the region of mountains.
And when I do, it's as a bit of a know-it-all.
Angela Belcher: Using nature to grow batteries
Well, let's think about the drug screening process for a moment.
There's two things that I've learned in the last year.
I was groomed as an entrepreneur.
The filmmaker Georges Méliès was first a magician.
I'll quickly talk about a few coming up.
How do we improve the living standards of five billion people?
This song is called "Farther than the Sun."
Shea Hembrey: How I became 100 artists
PM: Nadia, I think you've just given us a very different view of Yemen.
And in Libby, Montana, there's a rather unusual woman named Gayla Benefield.
Because in reality it was even uglier than the first version.
From laughs to tears — this is one of the older tobacco commercials.
But I talked to her for a range of issues.
That gives you an idea of the different types of motivations and dedication.
Okay, so how do we understand this?
This is called "Dawn to Dawn."
Well, now a paper towel looks better.
E: Cock-a-doodle-doo!
We need shared spaces for interaction and collaboration.
The best way to describe it is, I share therefore I am.
Now, as architects we're trained to solve problems.
Bjorn Lomborg: Global priorities bigger than climate change
Or perhaps I should say, more accurately, Señor Pringle.
That is, of course, in Palestine.
So how far can we go? One last little bit and I'll stop.
At first, living in the van was great.
You can't talk about how lonely having a baby can be.
In the medical world they look up at plans.
This was kind of the defining slogan.
If we had a slide of Salisbury steak, even more so, right?
It happens to one in three, and it happened to me.
Voice: The moon is one of the most potent symbols of magic.
Message two is there's still a lot to do.
They remove dung, they pollinate our crops.
The paper said, "It's not really balanced.
It's called the World Church of God.
You can ask people about their likes and dislikes, their basic preferences.
So if you're in a building, you can take an elevator.
And you know what? It worked.
First, about a guy named Nathan Winograd.
There was rolled up turkey cold cuts, and little cubes of cheese.
That's what technology is bringing us: choices, possibilities, freedoms.
Ah, some of you have. Excellent.
They were in tuxedos, and fighting. It was very ugly.
And we need penguin experts to come train and supervise them."
And I gotta say that, you know, it's really, really great to be here.
The whole country went mad.
Bobby Ghosh: Why global jihad is losing
It's something like my accident, right?
A key thing is that the major violence genes, it's called the MAO-A gene.
Okay, let me just say, there's some good news.
But I'm not ashamed of my self.
None of this is Photoshopped. These are real creatures.
Allan Adams: The discovery that could rewrite physics
Well, it's because you don't do anything much while you're asleep, it seems.
Man 7: After this bridge, first exit.
Jobs for whom? Especially jobs for young men.
The reason for that is that everybody's an expert on consciousness.
Teenagers are lazy. No. Poor things.
The passenger pigeon has 1.3 billion base pairs in its genome.
Well, of course you have to draw the boundary around the whole of the Earth.
You know about a lot of them.
I feel it in the back and then I feel it in the chest up here, and I can't breathe.
What would life be like if the dead literally lived alongside you?
Sean Hannity is one of the sweetest guys I've ever met.
And then sometimes you get this.
"It's me, "or, more grammatically correctly, "It is I, "as we might say in English.
But then he held it for a little while, Lakshmi.
But it's not just Australia that has better health than Britain.
Of course, many, many cartoons must be rejected.
Little bit of trickery. And there are the rounded edges on the swimming pool.
The theme next year is re-birth.
We all need to love and be loved in life.
Pollinator: Deforestsaurus! I should have known!
Asha de Vos: Why you should care about whale poo
The big trials are closer to the true answer.
We have a lot to learn from them.
The news of gold creates a massive influx of white settlers into Lakota Nation.
And then there is static apnea.
Now the problem with this model is that it's unsustainable globally.
The name of the book is "Islam Without Extremes: A Muslim Case for Liberty."
In my country, that was the case in 1974.
Here's just a symbolic picture of that.
I mean, shopping bag equals "parking meter out of order."
And played around with this a little bit.
And they, in fact, covered the same 24 news events.
And for this one, I want to tell you a quick story.
Insects, those six-legged organisms and spiders or mites, the eight-legged organisms.
One run on one of these machines: 200 gigabases in a week.
You know this, if you're doing something you love, an hour feels like five minutes.
And he says, "Would you still be working at the linoleum factory?"
"I shut myself off when... "began to be the question.
A little seed weighs next to nothing and a tree weighs a lot, right?
What should we do about it, and what will be the outcome?
But a lot of other animals weren't saved.
Some came from the winning party.
Are you being friendly? Are you just being naive?
For me, I really love this idea.
This new wave of innovation is fundamentally changing the way we work.
And she said, "Awesome."
It also happens to be male and, in theory immortal.
I think the economy needs a stimulus."
Helium splits out, and a neutron comes out and lots of energy comes out.
In the lobby, they painted the walls and planted trees.
Things have changed now. We have cars that we take across country.
We can't make a large-scale impact on these problems.
I'm under the river with those fish.
This is a gas receipt, hypothetically, for a year from now.
But then the great famine began in 1994.
And these preemptive attacks might not just remain in cyberspace.
We must protect the forest in this sense.
Think of the frozen chicken nugget.
This is extremely practical, but not so awesome.
Now, what can we say about democracy in Lesterland?
That liminal space, that's art.
Let's take a contemporary example of the dispute about justice.
So that's a sort of tough choice.
When I went to school, I had a dream.
I think that's the bigger change.
And a teacher came up to me and handed me a piece of paper.
Out, more of the horizontal. You are an intelligence.
This is going to create more cost to society and more losses.
So, we followed up. What happened?
And he turned to my mother, and he said, "You haven't told her yet?"
There's the reasoner in arguments as proofs.
And there's something inside of us that is beyond our understanding.
Ladies and gentlemen, I'd like to end before time.
He was the last person who had this frog, a colony of these things, in his lab.
So, this was told to me in a setup of elders.
Even in Bangalore you won't get [one], in India.
By that comparison, democracy looks very, very good in terms of economic growth.
I'm also working now with X-ray video.
Charles Robertson: Africa's next boom
And it's like cleansing yourself so that you can...
And you always think you might have some legacy you can leave the world behind.
I don't know. I don't believe it.
Though I should say that my son is best and is better than your children.
The concept of physical health is undefined.
And this is my reality check.
You're looking at a picture of the prize we gave last year, 2013.
It's not saying that it's not a big problem.
After that the effect of evolution completely dissipates.
To the left you see data over a long period.
The human species, in general, is fallible — okay fine.
How do things like this happen?
"Travel the world and have lots of kids."
Many of you will have used something a bit like this before.
So I started to steal from food carts in illegal markets.
And it's rare, because we never really get to see a brain.
I think we're all aware that the world today is full of problems.
So the whole is literally more than the sum of its parts.
Only 18 percent of Italians and 15 percent of Greeks believe that their vote matters.
If you find out — now I understand.
We can start harvesting condensation, and start greening the desert from within.
Over two million people became refugees.
I graduated from high school in Zimbabwe and I went off to college.
It's about the presence that they're bringing to the speech.
Because our main goal, of course, is first, to do no harm.
I could barely breathe. I was gasping for air.
So now I'm doing music so I know what the power of music is.
Noreena Hertz: How to use experts — and when not to
He would send me a fax and show me something.
It's just a bunch of cells. You understand your liver.
I'm with one. He's my boyfriend, he's okay.
You could do parallel and series circuits for kids using this.
All they had was Mike's Hard Lemonade, which was five percent alcohol.
And there is a variant of this gene that is in the normal population.
That's what a thermostat does, right?
Now, this is what the U.S. public and the Swedish answered.
It doesn't even look like a railway station.
All around me I sensed evil beings poised with daggers.
And there is a motivational component, which is, "I want to help you."
And when you turn the switch off, the light goes off.
There is so many interests. There's money. There's political power.
You both have too much time on your hands and not much money.
I have come from so far to meet you like this.
There I am; I see her coming back, coming up underneath me.
That's the million-dollar question, right?
From Grizzly Bear in the shower to Sigur Ros playing in a Parisian cafe.
100 percent of the coral may be wiped out before 2050 because of global warming.
And Asia could have social development before they got the economic development.
Now here is the net out of this.
And what you've got is a reinforcing positive circle going on.
So why do we get stuck in this feeling of being right?
Do you know what the size of life in this necktie will be?
He said, "No, I'd talk to the individuals."
And the whole idea of one's relationship to their work changed a lot.
I did this as an experiment of casting the shadow.
Oxytocin is a neuro-hormone.
He didn't actually buy anything, just some data.
As of 2005, the list includes me.
And we open the refrigerator and we feel that we decide what to eat.
Maybe I wanted to believe it.
I say, "Terry, please, I'm trying to fry an egg in here. Give me a break."
So, can you imagine New York policemen giving out condoms?
That's twice as many numbers as words that each of us speaks in a lifetime.
When I heard it the first time, it sent chills down my spine.
You know, we have the technology.
There's one fellow out there, Van Praagh is his name, James Van Praagh.
I'm like, "Those years ago, You circumcised me.
This is a picture I Instagrammed earlier.
There now, social benefits, social progress, are going ahead of economical progress.
And so these folks had, very simply, the courage to be imperfect.
But I'm going to show you some more candy sort of stuff.
Ah, you almost made it to the chimps.
Jacqueline Novogratz: Inspiring a life of immersion
And our minds have altered, too.
And it turns out there is only one solution to fight a much stronger enemy.
This would be one of those tragically boring board games that you can figure out.
And we have to bring an example from across the pond.
This is what bread has taught me in my journey.
They didn't get enough samples to really explore the genetics in enough detail.
It's not just inappropriate, it becomes really unsafe.
You were beaten by the chimps.
Cloud-based, no training, no consultants, no me.
So first we started to count the houses, but we soon lost count.
T, see it's the same as F in music.
They comment on politics, they cry out against the evils of Congress.
It's an evolving artwork, evolving architecture.
That's roughly one and a half times the size of Manhattan.
And I was sure that I was going to have a heart attack.
It actually says garage, funk, rhythm and blues.
You will be more likely to give up before the 30 minutes elapse compared to you.
Alain de Botton.
This is a tunnel that's abandoned in Hell's Kitchen.
When we started Parikrma we had no idea which direction we were taking.
And the patients started drifting in.
So, notice that, as more people join in, it's less risky.
This is research — can't buy it.
I can tell if you pay your bills on time.
So, what are the common denominators in these three cultures?
And this whole book, it doesn't just run on the iPad.
Because it's not enough to remove a leader or ruler or dictator.
Rufus Griscom + Alisa Volkman: Let's talk parenting taboos
Pay equity? Yes. Absolutely a feminist issue.
Jack Horner: Where are the baby dinosaurs?
This shape here just came out of an exercise in pure mathematics.
Turns out sometimes, you have to trick teenagers into writing poetry.
This is then joined by the sound of sweeping violins.
He issues this kind of taunt towards this person coming to fight him.
Nellie McKay: "The Dog Song"
And now when the kid comes, it's an experience.
We assume men can do it all, slash — have jobs and children.
We have vast budget deficits.
And the answer is: Yeah, it can.
At Coreana Supermarket buying my kimchi because I like kimchi.
It was at that point, just the spark of an idea.
And another new form of music was born.
We don't know, but what can we do?
We now have 15 sites.
We're very uncomfortable with untidiness.
I sell a product to a market that doesn't want it, but is forced by law to buy it.
And that brings me to my first major of two tenets of "Half the Sky."
And that's the beautiful thing about the camera.
I've been up to its front gates.
They're sending out a fantastic array of scent to any insect that'll have it.
But I have some suggestions, and here's my suggestion.
At that moment I became part of that biosphere.
Actually, the first results were very, very, very disappointing.
So I'm going to translate this into language that you can understand.
And I think now is really the time to turn it into stone. Thank you.
Hundreds of men streamed out of their cells.
It's true that some humans eat better than others.
I'm a voracious reader, a reader who deals with Ian McEwan down to Stephanie Meyer.
That would be bad for economies and cities.
I also started meditating for the first time in my life in Bali.
I mean, they didn't agree with each other — that was not the point.
If you have any thoughts — I don't have any diamonds on me, by the way.
This is not a completely tautological statement; it's a reasonable statement.
And my family and friends had gathered there to hear me speak.
This is how complex the economy we've created is.
And the cost of iteration is so cheap that you might as well give it a go.
You can't hit the ball and run to right field.
Why shouldn't all of us have a Serengeti on our doorsteps?
Samuel Pierpont Langley was different.
And he has to select it by touch using a virtual arm, an arm that doesn't exist.
So what is this? This is corncobs turned into charcoal.
And yes, on a scale from one to over-trusting, I am pretty damn naive.
Now why would this kind of fetal learning be useful?
Character robotics could plant the seed for robots that actually have empathy.
I'm not saying don't get kids to want to be lawyers.
So, you know, I do what I can with the students.
And it's really rather better not to mate with yourself.
I'm going to give this to you, Gwen, to take a look.
Her muscles bulging in her forehead when she winces like that.
And the second is that people seem to be experiencing an actual connection.
We need to redefine what makes us secure in this world.
But sleep is not an indulgence.
E: [Kissing noise] SW: And what do you say when it's time to go?
Again, this is no mere hypothetical.
So raise your straws if you'll join me.
But essentially these are people that are playing with technology.
The judge on the case, Judge Lois Forer thought that this made no sense.
Why don't we? Well there's nothing to tell us, "Look at the Moon."
Because there is this asymmetry, which creates, basically, failing governance.
You glance over at this, and it says, "Asshead. Please help"? God.
It's a world that Von Neumann himself envisioned.
Precipice running to and running from human beings.
Everything in the kitchen was salvaged.
But then you lose control of it.
Now metaphor is ubiquitous, yet it's hidden.
This graph gives you a rough idea of where we are today.
Now I'm going to show you cell-based regeneration.
In turn, students, people from around the world, would ask us questions.
The construction sector has a vital role, obviously, in reconstruction.
Your food will be served shortly.
I can almost hear lots of you thinking, "No way."
But at the end of this process, what I learned was that the nurses were wrong.
Did you know that God smiles when you be you?
And this whole process: "Okay you're done.
You couldn't satisfy this guy.
And I got back and looked at that teacher edition.
And so when I got my Ph.D., I should go and search for DNA.
And we get rid of Anatotitan.
There were incredibly difficult moments in the building of this thing.
So it wasn't all the good side of the illness.
Is all of our brain going to start to shrink and atrophy like that?
Now 100 percent of their time is.
A combination of the cloud and the dirt is where the action is at.
How can you say something is low-fat when it's full of so much sugar?
We have so much room to grow.
And I also made a game about the Trail of Tears.
He was mostly interested in ink bleaching.
Okay, so we'll let you go and save it, and rescue it.
My son didn't want to come.
Anonymous is this group of people that protested, very famously, Scientology.
So who came up with this idea? Who owns it?
We were no longer allowed on deck.
Why would we waste this money on you?"
They face a cruel situation of no choice.
Could you work on that problem?"
But the point is we are right on target.
He is invited for a party — he never wants to leave.
The payoffs to innovation are greatest where the uncertainty is highest.
It's not because we have a lot of it.
Egypt was up here in 1960, higher than Congo.
Better arguing? That's the question.
They're like these little balls sitting there.
It's truly a three-dimensional space.
It's reassuring; people are drawn to it.
And it's good that she's not real; she'd be mad that I said that.
On my ninth birthday, my parents couldn't give me any food to eat.
What a foundation you lay down in reaching for those horizons.
Some 17 years ago, I became allergic to Delhi's air.
Now, we've thought about a name for this day and I'd like to share this with you.
And I saw that gave her more tenacity, and she went after it again and again.
"Fire runs through my body with the pain of loving you.
And we started bouncing around ideas to make a collaborative music video project.
The night before a match I'm very nervous.
This is a sentence that was translated from German into English.
That is what they would do. Pretty amazing.
And the doctor was, in fact, checking us to make sure we were, in fact, fine.
It all started with a crazy idea in November of 2004.
Those two things are the huge shifts of power in our century.
That's pretty much what you should have on your piece of paper. Right?
That was great fun, of course.
I did this in front of many strangers.
Everything left over is external to me.
Now you have a duty: invent a new story. Invent a new poetry.
SOPA, PIPA, ACTA, TPP and ITU.
Each group of four can use one computer and not four computers."
There's no point in just killing the odd mosquito here and there.
And of course, look at Africa.
And there's a big gap between the task and the movement system.
Why would they appear only to cranks and weirdoes?
I'll tell you right up front, this is a trade off.
Nice story. Give him a hand for that too.
But why would you reconcile after a fight?
How many batteries do you carry for all the equipment that you have?
So it's easy to see this tumor in the upper part of this fatty breast.
It was even, God forbid, being a venture capitalist.
And here are the dynein. They're carrying that broadcasting system.
But it's not bacterial pneumonia.
But before it was fossil poetry language was fossil metaphor.
It's coming from places that you wouldn't expect.
And part of the reason I feel that way is looking at the past.
I'm going to show you a little bit of that long, extended process.
We pursue our individual goals.
With my dad, that turned out to be letting him fill out forms.
Each of those TEDTalks has an average length of about 2,300 words.
And Ronald Reagan said, "I don't care what kind of communist he is!"
We're looking a lot at this. This is spreading everywhere.
And you can see, the world is crazily green.
You need to be really an incredible artist.
And I do use that. I do.
But there are new technologies and new products that they can make on a small scale.
We have to move from bricks-and-mortar school buildings to digital dormitories.
We gather together these physicists in Los Alamos to see what they'll build.
For example, sending money from Benin to Nigeria.
And what we're looking at here is a truckful o'data.
The answer was the most low-tech thing you can imagine.
But my work wasn't just about the research.
Consumerism is not materialism.
So as a result, we never throw anything out.
Nobody believed us. Nobody wanted to work with us.
You go to the pet store or the toy store, and you can buy these things.
And the self isn't the only thing; it's not even most things.
And you'll see there is a line, a faint line going across that image.
God, the one who rules the entire universe, wants my bread?"
And this is how we develop our ideas.
So that wasn't going to work.
MTT: Anthems, dance crazes, ballads and marches.
It's similar to other nutritional diseases.
It only takes a few minutes to put on and for the signals to settle.
All it was doing was breaking my arrows because the shark skin is just so strong.
It doesn't respond to antibiotics. So I don't like it.
They said, yes, walking the course is strenuous physical exercise.
"As young as I look, I am growing older faster than he.
So instead, we rely on technology and data.
I was forced to get a paper route at 10 years old.
In other words, our fears make us think about the future.
Now we also study more complex expressions. This is consolation.
It can reach into sources that are not explicitly available.
But all they had were big dinosaurs.
I like this question. It's about a water tank.
I don't know about another category, but we all know how to think.
However, our ears tell us a very different story.
Let me show you the living mobile phone.
They see images of us, and they see bad images.
One Taiwanese production studio would interpret American politics in 3D.
Steve Jurvetson: Model rocketry
So we spoke and we heard some about design this week.
Why is it that X is the unknown?
Were they in fact just playing a lot more notes when they were improvising?
And that's what the song is asking.
If you nod off, the system would know, dimming to darkness as you do.
One, don't say you're authentic unless you really are authentic.
This is the EUPHORE Smog Chamber in Spain.
It took me 45 minutes to get one inch down inside of that stack of cards.
Proctor and Gamble knows this, right?
People were building Bionicles for a few cents.
Uncoordinated care today is expensive at best, and it is deadly at worst.
So people on the Internet, some didn't do so well.
They don't actually change what the actual cost of the treatment is.
You all know what happened.
Songs are written about cars.
I think there is reason for hope.
One billion people have not enough to eat.
And you know what else it did? It collected data.
Now I'm a scientist, I do experiments.
Now the rules that I'm talking about are constantly being monitored by the culture.
Thank you very much, you've been a great audience.
I'd already waited 10 months, and I had to wait 18 more months.
It is a drug for people, but the reason is it suppresses the immune system.
You know, we have to change the way we teach kids about these things.
I don't think these doctrines are right.
Using straw bale construction, creating heat walls.
Here's one moving with two middle legs gone.
"Come, come, take care of this one! "said the waiter.
The ones you don't want you call problems, but you need them.
And every building that they build going forward will be safe.
So are these now the images of the past?
And this really is something which creates completely new problems for us.
There's more than 1,000 species of insects that are being eaten all around the globe.
We spend 100 billion dollars a year on diet aids.
They really suck, actually, because you don't know what they're trying to say.
Well, if you want to fly, it's good that you look at birds — to be inspired by birds.
So to keep the game going, I just have to find another term and look that one up.
Thank you. Just a quick question.
I knew this, but I was expecting something.
It had everything I needed. It was quiet.
And that content is all off the board now.
And if I was going to survive, that's what I wanted to do.
It was a hyperstimulus for them, and they loved it.
You might say Obamacare, except for those were not voluntary changes.
It's hard to teach, and it's not all that easy to learn.
"Excuse me, would you mind if I peruse your stock portfolio?
The serif is not really in place.
So the polyphony problem: I've only got one voice.
We had some contentment.
And so, I began to think about, well, maybe that's just a random sample.
He said, "Here it is. I'm dead, and this is my last post to my blog.
I wasn't exactly a form of birth control.
Photography is about empathy, and the familiarity of these items guarantee empathy.
They have to think that they did something and that they want to share it with you.
And the children, both humans and bear cubs can live peacefully. Thank you.
And he drives a very nice car.
Okay, we're going through the hallway here at Zappos.
So I said, "I'm going to dedicate myself.
We found one sample to be able to get into culture.
They are an expression of the majestic architecture of our atmosphere.
In fact, the hull of the canoe is the womb of the vessel.
Now this is probably a good thing, right?
The discussion is all about images on the computer, data.
Now some of you will be wondering what marmite is.
Don't write them down. Just hang on to them.
I just wanted to show this picture because this is remarkable.
Going through the same checklist: human environmental impacts?
So, here's Copernicus'view of what the solar system looked like as a plan.
Did I mention they're gorgeous?
They're surrounded by people, and their passage through the room is impeded.
I can try to be really still for 20 minutes.
That's where we find Islamic majority.
I want to take that of an Earth-like planet about another star.
It's a little different than it was in my day.
Now this is necessary to distinguish the self from the environment.
This is a short video of how we did this project.
It's very interesting that that should be specific.
So the People's Building, as we called it.
And you can get energy out this way.
Yeah, the dad was really upset.
I lived in a very vibrant, diverse neighborhood where I wrote several of my novels.
So if I come down, I'm going to do a little bit of shopping.
The whole immune system swarms into the lungs.
In writing a story, it is the place where I begin.
Here's what he wrote in starting that out.
This rocket goes up 135 miles into the sky.
And I really want you to focus on something as I take you through.
We faced Rwanda; we faced Bosnia, and then we rediscovered our confidence.
Ken Robinson: Good morning. How are you?
And I think that's the funniest epidemiology joke that you will ever hear.
That's how we describe them, right?
It might be some of the most dangerous things I've ever done.
Someone sent in H.G. Wells ' "The Invisible Man."
But how do you do it when you're still a student and you don't have money?
And we need to get this condition out of the DSM.
So why should we have a good brain theory?
And I have to make it clear, it's not just me anymore.
They don't play 10 hours of action games in a row.
And then the six figures came together again, like a concertina.
We're pushing fuel efficiency to new heights.
And here's a couple of maps that we've done.
The first one is: Design is free when you get to scale.
It's a choice. You might end up driving a taxicab.
We're not trying to homogenize it.
And you feel something about this.
We can't stop economic growth.
Today, I'd like to show you something which came out of these collaborations.
And we thought maybe what is happening is that there are two forces.
That's how we change the world. That's the only sustainable future.
Mmm.
Young people would ask the most amazing questions.
And we did three key things.
But what you are buying now is great."
I'll cheat if you give me a chance.
And according to them, this creates an artificial lung in the filter.
And I thought this was so much better than making trucks.
I wave no flags in my own life.
I wanted that wish to actually start now.
The microbes in your gut can influence your weight and your moods.
You know, this is one of my favorite devices.
On the contrary, they're sisters."
They had no nausea, diarrhea, constipation, fatigue that would be expected.
The answer is what I call "ancient food miles."
Time is one of the scarcest resources in the modern world.
So you see, they are spread all over the city.
It's also about human performance.
Life in prison. Death penalty in the United States, not so much in Norway.
So how can a hormone ultimately affect the rate of aging?
529.
Sally Kohn: Let's try emotional correctness
I'm being told which part of the stick to use.
Diana Nyad: Extreme swimming with the world's most dangerous jellyfish
But the worst part was, not the spontaneous pain that was there 24 hours a day.
And it doesn't mean it's going to work forever.
These are Inuit children cutting whale blubber.
They had what I call a growth mindset.
What they have in common is what we see unlocks what we cannot see.
And if you look at the knee, it's got those pointy edges, right?
There is no a priori reason why an "H "has to go between that "W "and "A."
It was the glimpse into a potential future for ocean exploration.
The obvious question would be to ask, what do you think are the biggest things?
And here we see a picture on top of a hill in Central Valley last December.
It's 21 years, but they are still all there.
So think of it as a monitor for the blind.
And at about this time actually my father got very sick.
And with that note, I would like to thank you for listening.
And there's a very simple task that they need to do.
And it was friggin'demoralizing. It was terrible.
Now does anybody know who this is?
And even a movie was made around our work.
You would literally hear the sound.
This is one of the seven surviving Sputniks that was not launched into space.
And we just count on down to the bottom.
CC: A-rhythm-etic. Audience: A-rhythm-etic.
But I never felt that connection.
Khalida Brohi: I think my job is to give the inspiration out, give my dream out.
And I believe that technology is actually a cosmic force.
And in short order, the cooperators are done for.
And so I decided to call the track coach at Georgetown.
And that leads to the suggestion, maybe economic growth is almost over.
It's no wonder, you know, we have criminals.
Honestly, better or worse? Say, "Aye."
The train has left the station. The cat is out of the bag.
I'm going to send you to military school."
And the first rule of the game is pretty simple.
And we're going to try to understand what's happening in his brain.
Now, let's look at culture, the phenomenon of human culture.
Sadly, though, the obsession with work is no longer a uniquely American disease.
Just one little bit of happiness and joy after another.
You told me that most of the videos you have made are actually one single shot.
How do we tackle things like mobility?
And I remember thinking about all the reasons why that was the case.
Her mother had not gone to primary school.
And then your cousin says, "Hey cuz, check out this website.
And so it would change the fundamental nature of the game to give him the golf cart.
The emotions can flow from me to you and back.
The Senate comes and says, "Uh-uh, we don't think you can do that."
The brain is assimilating that too, as fast as we can measure.
And they were all alone, and I thought, "This is the secret life of men."
The other people, I added an ugly version of Tom.
It took about a year for me to learn this, but it's really been worth it.
And she fought, and I know she fought you.
And inside these wells, then microbial communities begin to form.
I mean, for soccer, you could go to a soccer team.
But perhaps the other, bigger gap is what we call the hope gap.
EDI: You know, humans are so unpredictable, not to mention irrational.
Ask a room full of teenagers the same thing.
You want me to go to church and call my mother."
But it was how Bob announced the program that mattered so much.
And that part of it has not changed.
But the actual robot is really only half the story.
And he said, "Oh, yeah, I remember that too!
We don't see it on Facebook. We don't see it on Twitter.
It was a complicated piece of legislation, a lot of moving parts.
And they eat about eight times as much tofu as Americans do.
And I started having ischemia to the heart.
People come around us and start asking, "What are you doing here?"
We are but two threads cut from the same cloth.
By any standard this is wrong.
Thank you. Thank you very much.
Cuttlefish. I love cuttlefish. This is a Giant Australian Cuttlefish.
They're on a journey; there's no turning back.
This is real, tangible change, real, tangible change.
So then we went forward and built our production line in China.
There are fewer than a handful of palu left on this island.
Romantic love is an obsession. It possesses you.
It's not this, right? It's not a child's toy.
Wait a second. Wait a second. That's your wish?
So I have sensory input, which I can take in to make beliefs.
The type of objective we want to reach is 450 books a day that can be digitized.
I knew I had to take a banjo with me to China.
And it was a Japanese forum and imageboard.
You heard that sound go up in the room.
We know how to fight it now.
In the first panel, we see the moment of creation.
It doesn't mean that people in authority can do whatever they want.
When we landed on the drop-zone, everything had changed.
So he built me the first Barefoot training center in Sierra Leone.
This was my backyard, very early on, when I bought my property.
These robots we're shipping every day.
Democracy is not an overnight achievement; it's a process.
But it's not really that easy, that it's all a good story.
And is it easy to raise that money?
They did all of this in four hours after seeing the computer for the first time.
We determine how this will all end.
So those are the three A's.
Very hard to find. Maybe you've got some examples of it.
That really has to do with our aging population.
Here's one such frustrated scientist, Moshe Pritsker, the founder of Jove.
Now you know why, and to me, that's the point of this program.
But we have a few problems.
And player two's been told, remember the experience of that force.
The Internet was supposed to homogenize everyone by connecting us all.
If we could play these two sound clips in succession.
I was in Lebanon, I got used to three.
Okay, now I'm going to ask you to pucker up.
The interesting thing is Baxter has some basic common sense.
Oxygen, hydrogen and zinc have their own signature.
This is what we had in biology, just to repeat.
It felt too much like begging to stand there with the hat.
And then, that this discussion was drawing geographical boundaries around me.
It's not one of these statistics which is very doubtful.
They are confused, and you cannot make a decision.
My artistic horizons continue to grow.
The expected five year survival is less than five percent.
And if you put them on one plain, a second plain is where the content lives.
Lying has evolutionary value to us as a species.
Rebecca Saxe: This is the first pirate. His name is Ivan.
You could stick it on the front of a T-shirt, which is always the sign of elegance.
A camp counselor fortunately came over and separated us.
He wanted to live a long life at the monastery.
Well this view, I think, is increasingly wrong.
Why are statisticians not measuring these?
There is the brain stem in between the cerebral cortex and the spinal cord.
This is how I stand up for myself.
Girl: Y-I-N-D-I-A-N-A.
But in each case, I didn't design the form.
This is the Disney Hall — the concert hall.
And there's a passage in it which I would love to share with you.
SM: A decade ahead of her time.
Look, once you have these tools, you can't not use them.
In biology, carbon takes center stage.
And it was time for us to go in and give it a go.
And so the question is: How could we make that back?
In 2003, we published our first success.
Now, let me make a fast replay of Botswana.
They've uncovered corruption, abuse.
And then he describes the home he owned in their village.
It doesn't make any sense from a public health point of view.
Or fear like this, kind of a nightclub typeface.
I want to be as happy as I can for as long as I can.
We've just seen our first polar bears.
And you have a scheme here that describes how it works.
That's from a source population the size of metropolitan Atlanta.
They may not respond in the same way adults do.
So many people die that I don't even cry no more.
By any chance, did anyone happen to bring with them this morning a calculator?
And I have a beautiful page of doodles from Jonathan Woodham's talk.
But I kept emailing, saying, "Have you had a chance to look at my slime yet?"
And all these species and income.
I've made this so that I can make any noise that I can imagine.
There are hundreds of shrimp boats employed to drag booms instead of nets.
And then something remarkable happened in'99.
It's a bit like going and cataloging a piece of the rainforest.
2001, in West India, I built also a shelter.
There's no big mystery about it.
The rest of the land can be used for something else.
Sixth — was that a Friday? Audience: Yes.
Makers are in control.
Here it is in relation to that same measure of inequality.
We have been only seeing one side of war.
I had never in my life ever tasted candy.
People like Mahmoud are agents of change.
You put these 10 samples at once in the cage.
It's all in English, and I'm going.
I'm going to pull out, and I want to show you Voyager 1 as it flies by Saturn.
alcohol, tobacco, sugary drinks — and prostitution and festivals.
We're told what shape we're supposed to be in.
Well you can't get much bigger than Pi, the mathematical constant.
And the weather can change as they're putting together this whole assembly.
It was my doctor in Cleveland, Marie Budev.
But there's another way, and I'll leave you with this.
So now, let's take a look at some of the images from "The Tempest."
Everybody's betting their life on something.
It seems like we need to have a conversation about democracy in our day and age.
And how do they differ from the rest of us?
And it was because of scenes like this.
This is Los Angeles, California, where I live.
More to come as we think about trying to make the world a smaller place.
45 kilowatts of panels on the roof.
And if I'm more successful, then I'll be happier.
We still don't know who her parents are, who she is.
One lovely experiment was done by Kurt Gray and Dan Wegner.
People low on it like things that are familiar, that are safe and dependable.
And as it happens, Shakespeare was onto something here, as he generally was.
And we talked about snakes. I don't know why we talked about snakes.
So let's take a closer look at rule number 30 here.
Oh! I felt euphoria — euphoria. It was beautiful.
And this is exactly what she said to me.
He demanded that every open position have a diverse slate of candidates.
A glimpse of infection in Ahmedabad.
This is an oil palm plantation in Sumatra.
There are still some krill in Antarctica.
Raise medical health care contributions?
And of course I realized, they said, "You can't have kids."
And when I sat the students down, I said, "Who's got the best one?"
And it merges the stop sign and yield signs.
But if you invest in education then we'll be able to change Africa.
But let me warn you, these are Thai-sized, so be very careful.
Now as it turns out, I'm somebody who thinks a lot about data, as you'll soon find.
And this is a community project I visited recently in Toronto.
He's my doctor. He's my lawyer.
Cause crippling throughout the world.
And most folks don't even know they exist.
That's basically the most fundamental heat engine you could possibly have.
This was a bear I sat with for a while on the shores.
This is beyond any blockbuster exhibition in the West.
This — sorry — that's a solar seed. It's a concept for new architecture.
Another millimeter?
AR: Money. All right, let's try that.
"No, I think he's talking about selective forestry."
What is clear is that this thing is a single cell.
Okay, so that brings me to my final point.
My challenge is: the shortest seminar I usually do is 50 hours.
"So are you carrying a needle?"
You can see the Copacabana on the left-hand side.
Social groups are taking to the streets.
No, no, I wasn't 14 years old.
And this has been designed by Renzo Piano.
It's a slow, deliberative process of discovery.
What we do is make a very simple electric motor.
This is Chris Harbert from Rethink Robotics.
Each of us spends money on things that we do not really need.
First of all, I think absolute honesty may not be what we want.
Before going further, let me give you a crash course in plant biology.
Because why should our students have to go so far away from where they live?
And why are democracy aspirants falling behind?
I've always been an opponent of it. I think emotion is needed.
And he insisted on beautiful music.
It's actually from Yitzhak Rabin.
But of course the scientists couldn't help themselves.
That's what it would really mean to be conservative.
A couple of weeks ago, a French company asked us to design five billboards for them.
I'd watch those same men walking back home every night.
So I've picked two examples here, and I want to show you.
So what does this tell us?
The past equals the future. And of course it does if you live there.
Grey Poupon came along, with a Dijon. Right?
My inability to swim has been one of my greatest humiliations and embarrassments.
Audiences marveled at the way they moved.
But back to animals and junk food.
Maz Jobrani: Did you hear the one about the Iranian-American?
I've got metal and earth to come.
I would change — depending on the places I would go — the title of the exhibition.
You need 64 meter wingspan.
And we've looked at 23,000 companies in the United States, may I say.
And you can see here there are three columns.
One year later, live with an AK-47 by my side.
That's about three times the recorded music industry.
Some believe or say that it's 1938, Iran is Germany, and Ahmadinejad is Hitler.
My friend rushed me to the hospital.
So I reached out to my collaborator, Tim Bunnell.
Who killed Osama bin Laden? The SEAL Team Six.
Larry, Larry, wait, wait, wait, wait, Larry, wait, wait one sec.
So now we're going to go through that door of furniture.
Because what we actually count truly counts.
And then I did open my chute.
And after nine months of grueling recovery, he's now eating steak with A1 sauce.
And it's so complex that we don't know what to do.
So he got over to the runway, and he applied the power.
Or let me give you my third building block, the Chinese state.
It's got to be worth something, right?
So you go and find the paper, and what you find is an observational study.
How many of you are checking it right now?
Here — that's just my new proposal here for the Union Jack.
In some cases, there is a military victory of one side.
As you can see, it's blocking her vision.
And this records every single step I've taken for, ooh, five or six years now.
This is what we want out of our senses.
I also researched extensively on bows around the world.
Is it going to land where it's supposed to?
Of course, they're not gone. They're all here.
They are all important. And every brand needs to have guidelines at the center.
It's very simple: we don't invent molecules, compounds.
They take the dirty dishes back to the kitchen.
He was getting started early. Those were his hands.
They said they wouldn't let girls play.
There are no prizes for telling us what the problems are, are there?
It turns out this is a very interesting picture.
So an interesting question is, what happened when we met?
Today, the transit, the Main Street and the new housing have all been built.
And they were all at a conference in Beijing.
Now, I happened to be in Times Square that night doing a comedy show.
What's going on underwater?
More importantly, it doesn't mean it communicates the right thing.
I've been simplifying things for 30 years.
And finally, free. Free is really, really interesting.
When people hear Alex speaking my words, do they experience a disconnect?
And frankly, I face a big obstacle.
Just the fuselage here, it's so light.
Is it dental surgery you want? General surgery you want?
You know, all I wanted to do was draw pictures of horses when I was little.
And I'm watching your faces, because your faces are telling me something.
It's not like you say, "Hey Joe, I'm having erectile dysfunction, how about you?"
And it's been really fun since we put them up to see where these have gone.
"Charlie, why are you so pessimistic?"
For the longest time people have regarded science and humanities as being distinct.
We had four cameras, three of them pointing out to the beautiful nature.
People ask me why I made that. It's not clear.
So what happened to those 20,000 oiled penguins?
TED literally was the launch pad to the next decade of my life's exploration.
And laundry too. Laundry detergent at West Oakland — East Oakland, sorry.
One was his daughter, Laurence.
There's a built-in oxygen concentrator down there.
But the call for creative courage is not for novelty or relevance.
Well, one of the problems, of course, turns out to be testing.
I study memory. I've studied memory for decades.
But if I'm not, what can I do?
So mundane sounds can be really interesting if you pay attention.
Why is it that they can withstand the loss of so much of their bark?
And this is because solitude is a crucial ingredient often to creativity.
And Nick ended up with a lot of pictures of the rear ends of baboons.
In domestic birds, especially chickens, it's 100 percent lethal.
A lexicon is a body of words that describes a domain.
Of course, it doesn't matter, because it could also be that they're not.
Because I have to show you one of the other facilities.
We're bees. We busted out of the hive during the Enlightenment.
And I think it really brings to light: Is this really scalable?
But there are many other dimensions to Pakistan.
It went for 1,114 miles, linking Beijing with Hangzhou and Shanghai.
So some teams, we give people on the team money, they spend it on themselves.
Is it a place for transcendence and spiritual union?
This is Daniel; he's one of our students in Arctic Village, Alaska.
Better ones, more of them.
But occasionally we miss something.
I think the headline in The New York Times was, "Are you packing it on?
The way forward for us is now to standardize this technology.
Well, for more than 60 years, psychology worked within the disease model.
But he also moved here to meet other people doing what he's doing.
What if we taught them to work with their appetite instead of fearing it?
Do I go from a 30-percent chance to a 60-percent chance?
Commentator Two: It looks like he's stabilized.
You know, we know almost nothing about them.
And we placed him in a company in Western Kenya, just 200 miles away.
They're storing it, they're processing it.
I keep thinking about these kids with no arms.
And it is this that has to become a very important part of creating value.
Could we do the same for transportation?
Could be used for anything, for performances, films, for installations.
And what you find is when you do something fun, it has a square wave walk set.
And I thought, "I'm gonna make that record.
Maybe we can just say, "No, it's not possible."
I say far less, because 10 percent isn't going to cut it.
I have to have trust in them and vice versa.
You think people are talking about you.
And I work for a data-driven mayor, as you probably know.
At the time, there was a lot of opposition.
And Ecosia works in pretty much the same way.
We started implanting some of these structures over 14 years ago.
And I think that it's time that we asked for the same from technology.
Machines are becoming devastatingly capable of things like killing. Right?
It is the ultimate scarce resource, the one planet that we share.
We're on the edge through a large part of the time.
So, the Scribbler is an attempt to create a generative tool.
And those are the ones that change the world.
You have no machine around you.
In my case the answer is fairly straightforward.
Because we don't have the resources.
It does hurt. And we reinforce the storyline, right?
And this is like robotics without wires or motors.
As a bonus, she hooked me up with a second one they make.
We'll find some that work. We'll build on those.
Sam Martin: Claim your "manspace"
I know what I want and I do it.
We're beginning to look inside the brain.
Well, as it turns out, there is an algorithm for love.
You have to be familiar with the issues we're talking about today.
So there's no motors on board this right now, no power.
Barry Schwartz: Using our practical wisdom
Today it's less than 50 cents a day.
This is peak fishing in a few seconds. The'60s.
This boat is worth one million Euros when it's new.
You think, "Well, what happened?"
But so what we need is a plan B.
She accused her mother of sexual abuse based on a repressed memory.
And I hope that compassion will be both fun and profitable for you too.
So, let me give you the two examples.
I didn't read music, but I played synthesizers and drum machines.
And I said to my parents, "I've got to go.
I hope that Kiva can blur those lines.
Conservatives, on the other hand, speak for institutions and traditions.
I won the World Yo-Yo Contest again in the artistic performance division.
You can work to change your relationship to your past.
And I'm out there kind of tripping out on my little playlist.
We have to start putting electricity on the grid in this very complex technology.
So I want to ask a question: What should culture in the 21st century look like?
The argument-as-war metaphor is just, it's a monster.
It's doubling every 18 months now.
And it says something complicated with lots and lots of concepts.
Right, books that might sell 100 copies a year, 1,000 copies a year.
It was central planning by Mao Tse Tung.
Change happens when we see things in a different way.
The equation is hidden there, z goes into z squared, plus c.
So I was very surprised about this.
And Pakistan, in this particular vein, is very similar.
Why couldn't I put jelly beans in my oatmeal?
It was there for thousands of years.
Photos of "cool "guys and girls.
And as many women hold that view as men do.
But this is a separate mechanism from vitamin D.
She looked at my small prison and what she saw was a laboratory.
And you cannot predict the outcome of human development.
Think about everything it has brought us.
You gotta push through shyness and self-doubt.
There is what Oprah tells us.
I mean, we have critical infrastructure.
And I would like to share one short vignette.
So this is a plant that is mimicking the first plant.
As a neuroscientist, I wondered, why is this so hard?
So then, it's a self-perpetuating process.
Now the largest economic region in the world.
We've done a lot for adult women.
And most of them couldn't say.
And then I'd sell 50 at a time of all the crappy ones.
It's the first clock ever that uses smell to tell the time.
But it's manipulating a mammal?
And the best way to do that is with free candy.
Some of you would eat it if it's pork, but not beef.
Don't bring your measuring stick."
The rest here is good — the rest is good.
This is march, the 450,000 march — beginning of September.
And you realize that you spend it in a variety of different places.
We want you to stop doing that."
But that person could be identified as having a learning disability.
Because she knows that I adopted her and that I can't have kids.
I told you that the statistics of the world have not been made properly available.
For wind, there's a larger area, but much smaller footprint.
Globalization is getting more complex.
And I tell them, "Don't run practices late.
At the top, you'll notice a section of source code.
So simplicity and predictability are characteristics of simple things.
You buy these boxes. You're not sure what's going to be inside of them.
Running vertically upwards, is a measure called "happy life years."
They weren't quite slick enough.
The Hejaz Railway ran from Istanbul to Medina via Damascus.
We can use calculated randomness.
I said, "Mrs. Alisch, how are you?"
And I was there to honor a great 20th century explorer, Roy Chapman Andrews.
It was the fact she was going so slow.
It's off in the future. It's weak.
Then I'd tell them, "Well, I'm getting my hip replaced — in 18 months.
By the way, it happens about once every century.
When's the last time you used a travel agent?
Well, the same things happen to our cells.
Your aorta comes up behind your heart.
If you think that, you've forgotten high school.
The captain was a captain of a sea-going ship.
I said, "Yeah, she is very beautiful."
And a few years ago, we received these results.
They probably have the best life in the world.
Maybe it's because Dad used to read to us at night.
This is the first version of my computer voice.
Isn't it beautiful when they get statistics?
We are now not just reading genomes; we are writing them.
And, I mean, it's really — let me take this off so you can see it.
And I would look at them — this is not an accident.
Beeban Kidron: The shared wonder of film
The winner of the 2012 Olympic marathon ran two hours and eight minutes.
Very similar to what we just did, but a little bit more complex.
Don't you have a husband waiting for you?"
What he did was to get wild birds to make his art for him.
They want the bodies of their loved ones.
Yves Behar: A supercharged motorcycle design
It stands for Self-excited Tripedal Dynamic Experimental Robot.
It's everybody. "The Chinese.
It was actually robotic surgery.
They're going to be willing to brainstorm, name suspects, provide details.
It's the price we pay for being so damn clever.
Now, the going gets tougher.
Smallpox was killing a couple million kids a year.
Stephen Hawking's zero g flight
I have been very lucky that my disability has not been a serious handicap.
And you think of the Internet as this kind of distributed system.
First there were drums and then knock-knock jokes.
So I was at my minimum altitude in that vector — fast — so I pulled that.
Paul Rothemund: Playing with DNA that self-assembles
And so we had spelling bees in Paris, Illinois.
This is the frontispiece of his book "Utopia."
She said, "It was a big hurdle just to get farmers to touch underneath the vulva.
I said "massively multiplayer thumb-wrestling."
And therefore, they are, as a result, more cosmopolitan in many ways than the West.
Don't waste computer cycles.
She's rooting around, she finds this one jacket by Balenciaga — she loves it.
Cynthia Schneider: These programs are reaching incredibly deeply into society.
First, don't just stand by the sidelines when you see someone getting hurt.
They seem fantastic to me. They cost very little to develop.
Your life will have new meaning.
That's how you got to be rich; you employed them.
There must be preconceived ideas, you know.
Andras Forgacs: Leather and meat without killing animals
And now look at this: not friendly.
You've got the red-hat triathletes over there.
So this animal is going to live twice as long.
And he said, "Well, I guess with everything in life, there's a place of balance."
Thank you. Christopher Ryan: Thank you.
It's just making you expect the detail.
What happens when time warps?
So what about our fear?
So now what I'm just going to show you is raw data.
So he was offering me the opportunity to do the same.
We just had a workshop in Guatemala.
And that's what I really want to focus on today.
Now, the issue about tattoos is that, without a word, tattoos really do shout.
So, I started this company called Solar Devices.
I will not lend my soul nor my bones to your war drum.
Going out to the lake, you can see all those new buildings we built.
How many places in America are going to change? None.
The first is the case of the military diary.
It's not about mythology, or mythologizing myself to you.
Once, though, he agreed to make false papers for someone you might recognize.
Well, wouldn't it be nice if it was that easy?
We're able to do this also with catalysis.
We sat in a car on the Avenue Paulista in São Paulo, together.
And they call heartache "one-itis."
It's easy to fool the brain in 2D.
So, normally I just ignore the doorbell, but on this day I answered.
We get to see a skull. But there it is.
But you can create your own feedback loop.
We changed their ability to judge other people's actions.
They are going to be cued these three square words: "like,"" not "and "head."
So what do we know about complex systems?
And these forces act on, attract, bodies that have an electrical charge.
It was a sports summer camp for four- to six-year-olds.
The last year has seen the invention of a new four-letter word.
And I, for one, refuse to live that way.
And those little red boxes are deaths.
Basically the way this works is you start with an old book.
I always thought that was an unfair question.
We didn't know that pollution did more than cause bad visibility.
Osama bin Laden was not caught by artificial intelligence.
He's probably the most remarkable social entrepreneur in education in the world.
It is so powerful that we only need tiny amounts.
But the central agent is really that piece called the imagination.
Professional hearing protectors are great; I use some all the time.
Let's make sure our ideas of success are truly our own.
Then I wonder, what is a permanent and what is a temporary building?
I felt the thrill of realization when I knew I'd come upon the answer.
And that can be done by raising the density in very specific spots a whole lot.
And in particular, one area of the temporal lobe is called the fusiform gyrus.
They were trying to figure out how to rebuild their universities.
Cyrus begins in the 530s BC.
"Mars et Avril "is a science fiction film.
So if you cut open a little dinosaur, it's very spongy inside like A.
And we certainly care what happens with our technologies.
From there, we dove in.
They didn't even see the intangible stuff higher up the pyramid.
It's been about eight months, she's beginning to feel better.
They're called "quasars. "Quasars originally meant quasi-stellar object.
We say, "Name a time you spent money on somebody else."
No circumstances at all were used to refuse any entry.
There are certain rules in nonviolent struggle you may follow.
You believe you're going to be successful in this project?
We need to be as good as the breast cancer campaign to address this crisis.
They say that giving blood can save lives.
You know, there are Lesters from every part of social society.
That's why I continue to work, even if it's for toilet brush.
We also have our very own dream team.
I want to see why do you — you just say so? That's not good enough.
Not very good for ballroom dancing.
The process just stops. Happens all the time.
And the corners would have skylights and these columns would be structural.
It's not to do with electricity or water.
And then we asked them how happy they are again.
But when you do, you don't get what you expect.
We want to be healthy and live a full life.
Just a sec.
I seriously believe the question should be, why not?
Let me show you about what it's like to code in Scratch.
And compassion can also have those qualities.
What are you feeling and thinking about this photo, about this woman?
In the past several days, I heard people talking about China.
She brought students in to solve problems.
And it considers just using existing hydro to match the hour-by-hour power demand.
This is what we're serving this week at the schools.
So this is one of our experiments.
But how do we do that?
I finally went to the doctor, which was free.
This is how plazas have been designed for generations.
This is why we are concerned with ESG."
Roy Gould + Curtis Wong: A preview of the WorldWide Telescope
Tom Wujec: Got a wicked problem? First, tell me how you make toast
We must ban the deployment and development of killer robots.
I don't think that's rational.
You're probably asking that. Why should you care?
That was not what was going on.
You can only do them one at a time.
He returned to a normal life routine.
This is a construction of a man named [Gaston] Julia and [Pierre] Fatou.
And then you have something like this, which is Interplast.
Bet on good people doing good things."
How can we make it all by ourselves?
Land completely destroyed, the erosion there, the land had dried.
E: Woo.
How do we bring up boys? What does it mean to be a boy?
This research is funded by the public.
And there are 2,000 new homes being built next to this power station.
He said, "Would you like to have a go at taxiing?"
Now, you have exactly the same problem when you shop for a stereo.
And server farms, or data centers are great libraries of knowledge.
The wind that rubs against it gives it voice.
And then the Flamengo football team is also represented here.
You learned, from scratch, a game you never knew before.
Do you see it? What's common about these?
Social media changed Chinese mindset.
That's the strong anthropic principle of vacuuming.
Is there more clustering than would be due to chance alone?
And I thought, surely, we do better than that.
And I have a son. I want to know what to teach him.
But finding things is tricky, and so you really want intelligence.
To say ahh, if this happens then we are going to have a pandemic?
At 67 percent oxygen saturation, the normal is about 97.
I know — I don't know how we got into this position.
Before you answer that, have a look at this map.
Their identity doesn't change.
As Walt Whitman once said, he said, "Oh, I would stake all for you."
Emotion is all about acting; emotion is really about acting.
But since it doesn't know the answer for it, it cannot grade it for you.
Now they want to have a holiday on a very remote destination and they want to fly.
Now, water can flow or it can crash.
So you can preserve the darkness and make the light.
You can fit Boston, San Francisco, and the island of Manhattan within its footprint.
We may be able to use them differently.
Of course, nobody sends money to Venezuela through the official channel.
The planet has crossed the halfway mark a few years ago.
Simple, straightforward, commonsensical — also, largely untested.
I wrote some code for my mobile phone.
Wonderful study comparing different countries.
She's about to let me know she's too frustrated with me.
It doesn't know what you saved it on.
We added the mathematical model of the pole to that of the quad.
And they said, "It's unlimited, it's unlimited."
And we make a drop-in replacement for that plastic that's made from petrochemicals.
And the approach has basically been to just sort of fund things as they come along.
Fifty percent of it is coming from America.
You could take that money and buy your banjo.
And what I did to people is said, "What are we going to focus on?
Now, what does this have to do with energy?
OK. So we all think malaria is a bad thing.
It's anything. Art can get us to that place.
So, I will not answer the question.
We have, you know, "The Day After Tomorrow "— it looks great, right?
I know it's a shame. But who is to be blamed?
So I've said a number of times that we grow materials.
They all have a lot in common with brain science.
And you can see that he's extending his right arm below his head and far in front.
You can see the bars of the window there.
That's 1879.
But these are not the stories that the gymnosophist heard.
Now don't take these results to the bank just yet.
She did this on the "Larry King Live "show on CNN six and a half years ago.
To give the aid, and hope and pray that something comes out of it?
And now we can see what happens.
And context, what is really context?
So I decided to go there and act as a seller.
They have international branches, and it's important for us to tune into this one.
Yoav Medan: Ultrasound surgery — healing without cuts
What's the bottleneck to preventing this stuff getting from scale?
A pool of delicious nectar lies at the bottom of each flower's long flute.
And I want to argue that what we do is we try to change everything.
We can download new diagnostics.
It was in the football ground.
And I think I can remind us that we do care.
People just use their cell phones to tweet.
So there is a store in the U.S. called IKEA.
Third is house number three. It's easy. It's obvious."
There is ample opportunity for oil and dirty water to get in behind them.
We started with a natural occurring clay called montmorillonite.
I just had to find a different approach to making the art that I wanted.
I'd like you to now experience the blossoming of a speech form.
As you can see on this map, Russia is still the largest country in the world.
One such story I did documented the leatherback sea turtle.
George: But there is a teacher that is in charge?
They've zoomed out and looked at the big picture.
How do you design that nozzle?
They must change behavior in some way.
I add mycelium to it, and then I inoculate the corncobs.
The shrimp are just one step on its journey.
Thank you. Thank you very much.
The notion that you can understand why a brain works, perhaps.
She portrayed Acid Burn in the'95 film "Hackers."
We all look the same inside, believe me.
They didn't think it was significant, but there was an outrage in the community.
That's exactly the same [one] you saw in the video actually.
And so the Wiki books project is an effort to do that.
I'm like, "Okay, all right, this guy is slowing down, I'll slow down too."
"How much cost a sea bream at the Realto market in 1434?"
It's the model that put food on the table.
The suffering of indigenous peoples is not a simple issue to fix.
This is a cat that's been trained to respond to a trumpet for food.
Four hundred million dollars, which was real money back in the'70s.
'This is the real me, ' I announced, waving my arms above my head.
Sara Lewis: The loves and lies of fireflies
And I left New York freaked, but actually empowered.
That component is that we cannot be attached to outcome.
And minimizing friction turns out to be the decisive variable.
And that they were definitely capable of diffusing it non-aggressively.
I am saying something. And your eyes and your brain are saying something back.
But essentially, this is a big problem.
Can you even imagine what that looks like?
But we're not there. And there hasn't been the kind of investment to get us there.
And in the 21st century, you have to do an analog to that.
and then what?
And I take it that you appreciate that kind of transformation.
These are Scottish terriers.
Before 2006, we had no idea of the genetic variability of basking sharks.
So this is Anatomage Table. Thank you.
Somebody has to be a witness to what has happened to you.
At the age of 21, I was co-founding this organization in Pakistan.
Two words made a Lebanese young man judge a girl as being backward and ignorant.
You are not going to sleep around with anybody."
We had people jumping up and down, people dropping to the ground.
He said, "And so from hour to hour we ripe and ripe.
Ross Lovegrove: Organic design, inspired by nature
Srdja Popovic: How to topple a dictator
If there's a child in trouble, we beam a Gran.
Your pituitary gland pumps this stuff out as part of the stress response.
And do you remember the response?
Wendy Chung: Autism — what we know
We first figure out where the ball is going.
But I also had to apologize to myself.
What you have to do is figure out what people really want and give it to them.
And you can zoom in. This is taking a look at Atlanta.
I mean, it was incredible.
So we did this project, and this is one of the artifacts of the project.
Lemon Andersen: Please don't take my Air Jordans
Here's a $ 2,000 Hawaiian vacation package; it's now on sale for 1,600.
I photographed him at the scene of arrest in Chicago.
It was my whole self melting into Michaela's lap.
This is our last project in Chile.
If you're an inboard personnel, stand up.
But when it comes to fulfillment — that's an art.
It gets adopted because people use it and it's made for humans.
We are, should be, morally committed to being the healer of the world.
Sebastian Thrun: Google's driverless car
You know, Israelis are good in technology.
Now, here with 256 electrodes.
And already, commercial oyster larvae are dying at large scales in some places.
I'll just give you one example because time is racing.
What's driving it, and what can we do about it?
Instead of racing against the machine, we need to learn to race with the machine.
Basically, we spent months doing this with Mario.
How can the nervous system get this so wrong?
Juliana Rotich: Meet BRCK, Internet access built for Africa
Socially motivated investors: there's an interesting idea, right?
And that was fantastic for the future of commercial aviation.
In terms of the political changes, they have introduced village elections.
We started R & amp; D in 2006.
Suppose you were deciding the justice of this case.
With economic opportunity, it can be transformative.
Design was just a part of the process.
Would they give me charts and graphs that I could color?
And there is natural variability caused by the Sun, caused by El Ninos.
The number of beavers started to increase, because beavers like to eat the trees.
The great thing about culturomics is that everyone can do it.
But when I speak of him, I'm really speaking of both of them as a team.
This isn't to say we give up our wildest, biggest dreams.
And he goes, "Yes, but I can't breath out of my nose!"
No one knows who or what he is.
You get past me, the guy behind me has a spoon."
Why are you posting these photos?"
We have superstar technologists.
The boxes are too narrow.
And they were moving and grinding and moving their arms up and down each other.
This is its first time on the U.S. West Coast.
The entire planet is rotating beneath my feet.
Margaret Heffernan: Dare to disagree
Secondly, the idea of building community among the students.
And we've got to mentor them, hire them.
I met Andrew at one of our community meetings putting together Maker Faire.
And the woodpecker maybe relates to that.
So we can take their transcript and actually do some pretty cool things.
And when it burst, the size of its country bubble is the size of the population.
Whales are also known to undertake some of the longest migrations of all mammals.
I'm just going to show you how the robot works.
I looked out the windows and I saw a full half-circle of explosion.
I'm at a business school, so that's what we do.
Sometimes I go browsing [through] a very old magazine.
Scene from a movie: "Apocalypse Now "— great movie.
Now don't get me wrong, writing has certain advantages.
And that fascinated me, to explore that territory.
I wanted it to be about religion in America.
I could speak of that for a long time.
Shall I ask for a show of hands or a clapping of people in different generations?
And we don't have a birthright to just use that up as fast as we are, I think.
Sam, this is a conversation I would actually love to continue for hours.
And that is, to no surprise, in Shakespeare, and in his play, Hamlet.
I heard about disease, I heard about war — they always seemed to be kind of related.
A heavy weight boxer punches you straight in the face — 58 Gs.
And multiply that by 10,000, then you end up at 14 billion.
So three questions I'd offer you.
And it's walked away down the microtubules.
The heads-up display is a smartphone that displays system parameters.
Rives: A story of mixed emoticons
It's horrible. It's a proof of our failing to save them in the wild.
Well, the book came out in October, and nothing terrible has happened.
I am never using that, right?"
And digital technologies are not just impacting knowledge work.
You may have seen in on the front page of the New York Times.
When a kid behaves like I did, they don't exactly have to come out, right?
And it does actually seem to be trying to eat the electronic jellyfish.
That means accepting the offers and building on them, saying, "Yes, and."
